Add support of LISK_NETWORK variable for configuration migration - Closes #2497 (#2502)
LiskHQ/lisk: README.md

This script will help you to generate unified version of configuration file for any network. Here is the usage of the script:

```
Usage: generate_config [options]

Options:

-h, --help               output usage information
-V, --version            output the version number

> -c, --config [config]    Custom config file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-c, --config [config]    custom config file
```

Reviewer 2: Imo we should start all of them with the capital letter.

> -n, --network [network]  Specify the network or use LISK_NETWORK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-n, --network [network]  specify the network or use LISK_NETWORK
```

Options:

-h, --help               output usage information
-V, --version            output the version number
-n, --network [network]  Specify the network or use LISK_NETWORK
-o, --output [output]    Output file path
```

> As you can see from the usage guide, `input_file` and `from_version` are required. So if you have a config file, you must be aware to which version of Lisk this belongs. You can skip the `to_version` argument and it will apply changes up-to latest version of Lisk. If you don't specify `--output` path the final config json will be printed to stdout. If you don't specify specify `--network` script will look to load it from `LISK_NETWORK` env variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see from the usage guide, `input_file` and` from_version` are required. If you skip `to_version` argument changes in config.json will be applied up to the latest version of Lisk Core. If you do not specify `--output` path the final config.json will be printed to stdout. If you do not specify `--network` argument you will have to load it from` LISK_NETWORK` env variable.
```
